Update documentation (#104)
model-checking/kani-vscode-extension: README.md

> 

Reviewer: Not included in the change, but I think we should change the main description to:

```
A [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) extension that allows users to run their [Kani Rust Verifier](https://github.com/model-checking/kani) harnesses and [...] in vscode.
```
It's unclear to me what other features (i.e., what should go in `[...]`) we should highlight. Viewing traces doesn't seems like the most relevant feature to me.

## Usage

> Check [user guide](docs/user-guide.md) for more detailed information.

Reviewer: Isn't more appropriate to move to the end of this section?

![Kani Usage](resources/screenshots/kani-demo.png)

> 1.  Open a rust crate or workspace in Visual Studio Code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Open a Rust package in Visual Studio Code.
```

Reviewer: Wonder if we should rename the `Kani Proofs` panel to `Kani harnesses`... Let's discuss offline.

Reviewer: Also, maybe we can use ▶️ instead of "play button" (or add the emoji next to that) so it's clearer?

> ## Requirements

Reviewer: Doesn't the "Features" section need updating as well?

-   Visual Studio Code 1.50 or newer
-   [Kani](https://github.com/model-checking/kani) 0.29 or newer

## Extension Settings

| Setting                           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                        | Default                                                        |
| :-------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `kani.enable-codelens` | Enable Codelens actions for `Run Test (kani)` & `Debug Test (kani)`.                                                                                                      | `true`                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `kani.enable-codelens` | Enable Codelens actions for `Run Test (Kani)` and `Debug Test (Kani)`.                                                                                                      | `true`                                                         |
```

> | `kani.show-output-window`     | Optional string to control when the document should be verified (choose between `true` or `false`.                                                                                 | `false`                                                     |

Reviewer: Is ``(choose between `true` or `false` needed here``? Also, I'm not sure what "document" is referring to here.

## Installation

> Kani Extension is available as a VSCode plugin. You can install [Kani Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=model-checking.kani-vscode-extension) from the Visual Studio Marketplace or the Open VSX Registry.

Reviewer: You aren't using "Kani VSCode Extension" as the name?

Reviewer: Add links to "Visual Studio Marketplace" and the "Open VSX Registry".

If you want to build and package from source directly, see [dev-documentation](docs/dev-documentation.md) for more information.

## Troubleshooting

1. If verification seems to be taking too much time, stop the verification using the stop button on the testing panel.
2. Some times it the output seems unexpected, it might because an old result is cached in. It helps to run `cargo clean` and re-running the proof.

> 3. If the screen seems frozen, or inactive, try reloading the vscode window.

Reviewer: Not sure about including this section at all, and there's no guarantee that the suggested actions are going to fix the issues.
